hi everyone so today I
will show how downgraded your iphone
ipad ipod which is on the island and 7.1
in beta so this tutorial runs on
europe1 matter what beta so you have
the psw from the previous version
so this famous and psw you can
download on this site equipped sw
downloader points like brian
registration
so you are on the home so the page
you choose your device
then his hotel and finally you
go choose the bankrupt die
once it's done click on
download if it does not give you
can terminate
you have here after the link that appears
you click on it and hop it will get
to put
I already had so it's not
necessary once you have it
download so you will have to open
itunes
so we could see I'm in seven
points
as I say and so you have to
click restore ipad but what
you have to do was relying on alt
is just as much of course talent
just click and eat the ipad
so there you come to locate ipes w in
question so with respect to your
idevice and this one and you do
open live warns you like it
will erase and restore your ipad to
the stop at ios version is 0.4 and then
he will check the restoration with
of apple so do restore there they
extract the software that is present
in ipes w because you have to know that
every update on every cross
like that of 7.1 so on not when
these 0.1 points and updates a
term which are internal software m and
we pay must correct after these updates
day oit
so
waiting for the ipad so the ipad 2 passes
and 1 and so the apple will light up and
so precisely there the process is in
snap and so do not
touch and especially not to the ipad does it
do not disconnect and make sure that you
have his batteries for the operation
so then after he goes to the
ipad software restore
so that is ios 7.0 software
points 4 ohms instant
so now he's going to the
restoration of the internal program of
the ipad so there almost finished
slamming the restore
does it restart so there I you
so warn that message disappears in
two one second is so there you see
itunes is cut off and so the ipad is
well restored so here we will leave the
time to restart and I come to you
prove how he went
now
in six years 0.4 so when it restarts
there you always have a bar of
loading so do not worry
as soon as it's over
in a few minutes can so much
there will be finished restarting
so you see there is being
read by computer
so little thing to know now
the ipad is locked on an ID
apple so if you have not done it
restore it so these little security
it could be bad I think
so you have to type your credentials
and then click continue so
so here it is yes it warns you like
what are you welcome on your
new ipad
so as you can see
now we have a year 6.0 so so
while we could see in seven
points 0.4 and so here is